the fastest being on our planet
small california mite
no larger than sesame seeds
turned out to be so fast that he beat
world record for running among animals and
I will move my two fastest
competitors for second
and actually the third place as it was found out
Californian students
college this agile inhabitant of the south
california is capable for a second
overcome the distance you only
ponder equal to the length of its 3122
own body until recently
according to his Persian belonged to the Australian
boredom well
scattering up to 171 their body length
second and the second place was taken by all
famous and bar
being the fastest among the land
animals and developing speed
h100 three kilometers per hour and pairs per
second to overcome only 16 lengths
of your body that is 20 times slower
tiny california mite
man already to get close to
new record holder will have to
run at about two speeds
thousand one hundred kilometers per hour
watching these amazing things
future biologists spent in the back
using high-speed camera oleg
Californian kilns are described back in
1916 almost nothing is known for
except that they live under
stones or along roadsides and has
habit abruptly has direction
movement another interesting fact
discovered by the students turned
california ability includes
run on hot surfaces
whose temperatures approach 60
degrees Celsius new discovery right away
attracted the attention of scientists they sure
that studying the operator mechanism is not
banned give impetus to the development of new
technology in bionics
subscribe to our channel